Proposed revisions to the v0.2.0 PR (#304)
Element84/sat-tasking-sprint: docs/spec/pagination/README.md

- `https://stapi.example.com/products?next=8a35eba9c`
- `https://stapi.example.com/products?token=f32890a0bdb09ac3`

> A pagination link is not limited to expressing the request as URL query
> parameters: the Link Object can also carry the `method`, `headers`, and `body`

Author: ```suggestion
A pagination link is not limited to URL query parameters alone to express a page request. The Link Object can also carry the `method`, `headers`, and `body`
```
